Fix: mean_squared_error ignores the `squared` argument if multioutput='raw_values' (#16323)
scikit-learn/scikit-learn: doc/whats_new/v0.23.rst

  specific scoring strategy. Before the internal estimator outputs score
  instead of predictions.
  :pr:`14848` by :user:`Venkatachalam N <venkyyuvy>`.
 
- |Fix| :class:`linear_model.LogisticRegression` will now avoid an unnecessary
  iteration when `solver='newton-cg'` by checking for inferior or equal instead
  of strictly inferior for maximum of `absgrad` and `tol` in `utils.optimize._newton_cg`.
  :pr:`16266` by :user:`Rushabh Vasani <rushabh-v>`. 

:mod:`sklearn.metrics`
......................

> - |Fix| Fixed a bug in `_regression.mean_squared_error` to not ignore

Reviewer: refer only to public function so it should be
```suggestion
- |Fix| Fixed a bug in  :func:`metrics.mean_squared_error` to not ignore
```
